Jingyun has never had any children or grandchildren in this house
I have no problem with you taking a concubine.
But even after all, she is a straight wife
I still need to discuss this with him.
The first day I got married
The old man died of illness
I kept my filial piety for a year
And your son spends all day drinking
Have you ever stepped on my room and lived with me?
Are you afraid that refusing to speak to Mei Jinfu will offend your son?
So let me be the villain
The mother-in-law's words are really watertight.
Goldfish, you are reasonable
Humei and I met early
Now we recognize each other because of fate
Just let him come in
The plum is in the middle of his family
Now reduced to this
I can't bear to let him float away
The only person my brother Beichen loved from beginning to end was me
You are nothing more than him
It's just a chess piece that goes up.
next life
Stop being so stupid
If my sister doesn't want to
My sister is gone
only
The flesh and blood of the Gu family in the bitter stomach
The child cannot see his father as soon as he is born
I'm not pregnant with you.
What? You're pregnant?
Did you see it?
Is it a boy or a girl?
Have you seen Lang Zhong?
It's a boy. Ouch.
Boy ouch
That's fine.
Ancestor bless Ancestor bless
We finally have a family. Finally
In September, since he was already pregnant
Just agree, right?
Promise me of course
do not agree
How can you pay for this with blood?
Now that the mother has spoken
Of course I don't mean it.
Thank you, sister.
I have long heard Beichen say that my sister
Seeing my sister today is indeed dignified and virtuous
Reasonable
You jade plate
Li Chen, this is me in Pingyang Temple
I begged for a jade medal for you for three days and three nights
I heard that wearing it can keep you safe
Thanks Jin Woo
Please rest assured.
Hey, this jade pendant of mine?
It's a token of love from Beichen to me
heard
It was my sister who specially asked to keep Beichen safe
It's just that Beichen said that my life is more important than his life
So he gave it to me
Keep our mother and son safe
Put it this way
I have to thank my sister
Gu Beichen
Unexpectedly, I begged for a premonition for three days
I miss you for so many years, pine
Lin Jingyun starts today
Everything about you will be like this jade plate
Be my bag
Change the name to the previous life
The tragedy of my life is caused by you
Vengeance of this life
It all starts with you.